.TH OPENLI-PROVISIONER 8 "2018-12-03" "openli-provisioner" "OpenLI"

.SH NAME
openli-provisioner \- provisioner daemon for OpenLI

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBopenliprovisioner\fR \fB-c\fR \fIconfigfile\fR [\fB-hd\fR] [\fB-p \fIpidfile\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBopenli-provisioner\fR is the provisioner component of the \fBOpenLI\fR
lawful interception system. The provisioner is used to manage and orchestrate
intercepts within the OpenLI system. Intercepts configured on the provisioner
are pushed out to all of the active OpenLI collectors. The provisioner is
also responsible for communicating how to connect to the Law Enforcement
Agencies (LEAs) to any OpenLI mediators.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Show summary of supported command-line options

.TP
\fB-c, --config \fIconfigfile\fR
Specifies the location of the file containing the configuration to
use when running this openli-provisioner instance. See ProvisionerDoc.md
(most likely installed in /usr/share/doc/openli) for details on the
configuration file format.

.TP
\fB-d, --daemonise\fR
Run the openli-provisioner as a detached daemon.

.TP
\fB-p, --pidfile \fIpidfile\fR
Create a pidfile for the provisioner process at \fIpidfile\fR.


.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/openli/provisioner-example.yaml
Example OpenLI provisioner configuration file


.SH SECURITY
\fBopenli-provisioner\fR should be able to run unprivileged. However, it
is very important that you ensure only suitable individuals have access
to the host on which the OpenLI provisioner is running.

.SH AUTHOR
OpenLI was originally written by Shane Alcock <shane.alcock@waikato.ac.nz>
while working for the University of Waikato WAND Network Research Group.

.PP
This manual page was written by Shane Alcock <shane.alcock@waikato.ac.nz>
