.TH OPENLI-MEDIATOR 8 "2018-12-03" "openli-mediator" "OpenLI"

.SH NAME
openli-mediator \- mediator daemon for OpenLI

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBopenlimediator\fR \fB-c\fR \fIconfigfile\fR [\fB-hd\fR] [\fB-p \fIpidfile\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBopenli-mediator\fR is the mediator component of the \fBOpenLI\fR
lawful interception system. The mediator receives intercepted packets
encoded in the ETSI LI format from the OpenLI mediators and sends them
on to the appropriate Law Enforcement Agencies (LEAs).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Show summary of supported command-line options

.TP
\fB-c, --config \fIconfigfile\fR
Specifies the location of the file containing the configuration to
use when running this openli-mediator instance. See MediatorDoc.md
(most likely installed in /usr/share/doc/openli) for details on the
configuration file format.

.TP
\fB-d, --daemonise\fR
Run the openli-mediator as a detached daemon.

.TP
\fB-p, --pidfile \fIpidfile\fR
Create a pidfile for the mediator process at \fIpidfile\fR.


.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/openli/mediator-example.yaml
Example OpenLI mediator configuration file


.SH SECURITY
\fbopenli-mediator\fR should be able to run unprivileged with no problems.
It is highly recommended that any connections between your OpenLI mediator
and the LEAs are over an encrypted tunnel or private layer 2 circuit.

.SH AUTHOR
OpenLI was originally written by Shane Alcock <shane.alcock@waikato.ac.nz>
while working for the University of Waikato WAND Network Research Group.

.PP
This manual page was written by Shane Alcock <shane.alcock@waikato.ac.nz>
